# BeeZee 24/7 - Sprint 2 Standup Notes

**Date:** 2025-05-24  
**Time:** 12:00 PM - 2:00 PM  
**Location/Tool:** Slack + Discord
**Facilitator:** Alexis Vega / William Widjaja
**Notetaker:** Alexis Vega / William Widjaja

---

## âœ… Attendance

| Team Member             | Present? | Notes (late, remote, etc.) |
| ----------------------- | -------- | -------------------------- |
| Alexis Vega             | âœ…       |                            |
| Aruthan Raveendra       | âœ…       |                            |
| Chris Enotiadis         | âœ…       |                            |
| Eric Song               | âœ…       |                            |
| Myat Thiha              | âœ…       |                            |
| Noeh Parrales           | âœ…       |                            |
| Phiroze Duggal          | âœ…       |                            |
| Thanh-Long Nguyen Trong | âœ…       |                            |
| Vincent Nguyen          | âœ…       |                            |
| William Widjaja         | âœ…       |                            |
| Yilong Chen             | âœ…       |                            |

---

## ðŸ—£ï¸ Individual Updates

### Alexis Vega

- **What I did since last standup:**
  Have been looking into what else to add for CICD pipeline more specifically adding tests and documentation like devanshi suggested.
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  start setting up unit testing
- **What's blocking me:**  
  I need to refresh my understanding of the setup process because it has been a long time since I last configured it.

### Aruthan Raveendra

- **What I did since last standup:**
  I have finished and made a PR for issue #51.
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  Working to fix any issues and the PR and make changes to the ADR
- **What's blocking me:**  
  Just some traveling that might interfere with meetings not work.

### Chris Enotiadis

- **What I did since last standup:**
  Worked with T.L On combining different parts of the project into one home screen.
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  Finishing adding the toggle switch also to the homepage
- **What's blocking me:**  
  Had a lot of homework until friday, and an internship interview on friday (i got it i think!!!). Now, nothing is really blocking me.

### Eric Song

- **What I did since last standup:**
  I worked on issue #48. Myat and I collaborated to figure out how to integrate his work from the previous sprint with my work on the backend. I also added in documentation for my work (i.e. I gave each of my functions a description w @params and @returns).
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  I think that I need to polish up the backend and make it also include the geospatial data. I am also going to figure out a better retrieval system and perhaps integrate it. I also want to update the date system because currently the date is when we upload it; our user might want to be able to input the date themselves.
- **What's blocking me:**  
  I have a lot of group projects :(

### Myat Thiha

- **What I did since last standup:**
  Created the form page and worked together with Eric to add backend stuff to the form. Now the form can accept the data users type in and store in IndexedDB.
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  I am thinking of linking/routing all the pages together (from main page -> create page -> main page).
- **What's blocking me:**  
  I have one midterm coming up Friday but I can work together with Eric again for upcoming sprint.

### Noeh Parrales

- **What I did since last standup:**
  Worked on the footer, linked each page to the links from the main page
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  fixing the header styling making sure its consistent throughout all pages
- **What's blocking me:**  
  Yes, I have an interview I want to prepare for.

### Phiroze Duggal

- **What I did since last standup:**
  Communicated with other group member whom Iâ€™m coordinating with to make header and footer stylish/cohesive. Just have the styling for header to do now
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  Styling for header to do now.
- **What's blocking me:**  
  No.

### Thanh-Long Nguyen Trong

- **What I did since last standup:**
  Put together home front page
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  Figuring out a way to store map locations + maybe implementing toggle switch (is it really necessary?)
- **What's blocking me:**  
  "Big paper due tonight, teammates aren't communicative on discord. Teammates are big vibecoders, so code is currently a mess"

### Vincent Nguyen

- **What I did since last standup:**
  I created an issue on connecting the login form with the backend.
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  I'm working on storing the logged in users into our IndexDB.
- **What's blocking me:**  
  There is 1 blocker on using JWT authentication for our login, but everything else is fine.

### William Widjaja

- **What I did since last standup:**  
  Worked on CI/CD pipeline, and setup meeting notes for today's sprint and retrospective. I edited the team status video and that was pretty successful.
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  Getting the team accommodated with the new pipeline, also figuring out what might be a better flow for work/progress next week. Have to make a new CI/CD pipeline diagram with Alexis.
- **What's blocking me:**  
  5 classes is kicking my ass.

### Yilong Chen

- **What I did since last standup:**  
  Integrate the homepage( including bug fixes)
- **What I'm working on today/next:**  
  Optimize the HTML structure.
- **What's blocking me:**  
  N/A

---

## ðŸ”¥ Group Highlights & Issues

- [x] Figure out what to put at the bottom of footer for the links â†’ maybe link to our GitHub
- [x] Prettier failing on GitHub â€” we will cover more on this after the retrospective
