# BeeZee 24/7 - Sprint 3 Retrospective

**Date:** 2025-06-01
**Time:** 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM
**Tool:** [Retrium](https://app.retrium.com/team-room/74a0c95e-b95c-4a1d-97a7-5ab5a9d62579/history/1cb94850-68a8-4446-8f5c-e621e292b59a)  
**Facilitator:** William Widjaja / Alexis Vega
**Notetaker:** Alexis Vega

---

## âœ… Attendance

| Team Member             | Present? |
| ----------------------- | -------- |
| Alexis Vega             | âœ…       |
| Aruthan Raveendra       | âœ…       |
| Chris Enotiadis         | âœ…       |
| Eric Song               | âœ…       |
| Myat Thiha              | âœ…       |
| Noeh Parrales           | âœ…       |
| Phiroze Duggal          | âœ…       |
| Thanh-Long Nguyen Trong | âœ…       |
| Vincent Nguyen          | âœ…       |
| William Widjaja         | âœ…       |
| Yilong Chen             | âœ…       |

---

## ðŸ“Š Retrospective Activities

### ðŸ˜  **Mad (Frustrations)**

- We need more people working on the project; if you are not assigned something you can always just jump in and volunteer. (18 votes)
- avg num of commits is 10. Are you kidding me (0 votes)
- communication we can be better (7 vote)
- we are super behind (1 vote)
- people taking too long to finish their issues, despite deadlines being set (1 vote)
- Nothing mad but wish for more communication throughout week from people so we know where to jump in and help(hard to tell where to help out rn) (2 votes)
- currently only 1 team lead... (2 votes)
- Just disappointed on having to spend a lot of time refactoring. (1 vote)
- realistically only 4 devs working on this (1 vote)
- Got some ideas that was not adopted, idk why (0 votes)
- GPT code (1 vote)
- a lot of stuff being changed/removed (1 vote)
- communication is not transparent (4 votes)
- The need to refactor instead of implementing proper code (1 vote)
- Just a bit confused on the specific tasks and how theyre being assigned (4 votes)

### ðŸ˜ž **Sad (Disappointments)**

- disappointed in overall team performance (1 vote)
- didnt pitch in as much as i wouldve liked to for last iteration specifically (2 votes)
- Sad that Widjaja had to spend most of his time yesterday to refactor the frontend. (1 vote)
- did not get the template stuff working properly, hopefully can do that by EOD 6/1 (2 votes)
- this sprint changed a lot of our website than we originally planned at the beginning of the quarter. at lot of time could be saved if we planned and researched a lil longer (2 votes)
- No elements of the sprint made me sad (1 vote)
- Lots of stuff due this week (1 vote)
- Just my personal contribution to team, don't want to free load but just a bit lost in the process at the moment. (I know were all busy) (2 votes)
- Stress due to end of quarter (2 votes)

### ðŸ˜ƒ **Glad (Successes)**

- Glad to work together with Eric, TL and had a great progress (0 votes)
- the website is starting to look nice! hopefully we will get it functional soon! (3 votes)
- People who have put in lots of effort to help clean up and fix mistakes (1 vote)
- We got a working frontend! (0 votes)
- We finally got a whole thing (0 votes)
- it seems like the project is moving and coming along good. (1 vote)
- I am glad that we refactored the repo (0 votes)
- glad we have somewhat working website where pieces are coming in (2 votes)
- Fully working webpage and everything is starting to come together (0 votes)

---

## ðŸ“ˆ **Metrics**

- **Return on Time Invested (ROTI):**
  - Average: 4.5 / 5
  - Ratings: 11

---

## ðŸ”‘ **Key Takeaways**

1. **Team bandwidth and participation are uneven:**
   - A small subset of team members are doing most of the work, especially in frontend refactoring and testing. We need more proactive involvement from the rest of the team to meet sprint goals.
2. **Communication needs to improve across the week:**
   - Several members expressed confusion about what to work on or how to help. Async standups and more transparent updates on Slack can help everyone stay in sync and reduce blockers.
3. **Frontend progress is strong but came at the cost of last-minute refactoring:**
   - While the site is coming together nicely, we need to align better on planning and technical decisions early in the sprint to avoid rework and burnout.

---

## ðŸš€ **Next Sprint Focus**

- **Increase test coverage: unit tests, Jest, Puppeteer E2E, and integrate into CI/CD:** 
   - (All devs, focus on components like cardTemplate.js, check with Eric/Myat)
- **Delegate backend tasks based on availability and improve team coordination via async updates:** 
   -  (Everyone: fill out Slack availability, TL to assign tasks accordingly)

**Next Retrospective:** 6/07/2025

**Artifacts:**

- [Retrium Session Summary](https://app.retrium.com/team-room/74a0c95e-b95c-4a1d-97a7-5ab5a9d62579/history/1cb94850-68a8-4446-8f5c-e621e292b59a)

