# BeeZee 24/7 Meeting Notes

**Date:** 2025-06-05  
**Time:** 3:00 PM ‚Äì 7:00 PM  
**Location/Tool:** In person  
**Facilitator:** Alexis Vega  
**Notetaker:** Alexis Vega

---

## ‚úÖ Attendance

| Team Member             | Present? | Notes (remote, etc.) |
| ----------------------- | -------- | -------------------- |
| Alexis Vega             | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Aruthan Raveendra       | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Chris Enotiadis         | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Eric Song               | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Myat Thiha              | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Noeh Parrales           | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Phiroze Duggal          | ‚ùå       | Excused Absense      |
| Thanh-Long Nguyen Trong | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Vincent Nguyen          | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| William Widjaja         | ‚úÖ       |                      |
| Yilong Chen             | ‚úÖ       |                      |

---

## üìå Key Discussion Points

### From Standup Day Before:

- Discussed timeline for deadline: Friday meet up to work, aim to finish Saturday night!
- Clean up branches : Suggestion to only have 4 in total in order to avoid confusion.
- Continue on finishing task of working CRUD application
- Continue on finding way to edit cards
- Add documentation and fix CSS by moving all notes to the repository, updating README,
  ensuring each function/class has documentation, and updating ADR statuses and decisions
- Require checks on frontend + backend
- Filtering
- Fix up front end work with api input and fixing the sidebar -- cannot have it expanding horizontally
- Fix unit tests + addition of integration tests or E2E tests
- End video creation

### During Current Meeting:

- CSS: center/scale image on create page when image is uploaded (particularly an issue with smaller images)
- Finding way to edit cards
- CRUD Application (completed or almost fully completed)

---

## üìã Task Delegations

| Task                                                      | Assigned To                      |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Documentation                                             | Phiroze and Yilong               |
| Checks on frontend + backend; filtering                   | Vincent + Eric                   |
| Frontend; fixing and addition of unit tests and E2E tests | Alexis, TL, Aruth, Noeh, Phiroze |
| Video Creation                                            | Chris                            |

---

## üéØ Weekly Deliverables

- Working **CRUD application**:
- Ensure that backend is fully functional as expected by the end of the week
- Frontend should be adjusted as well to be made prettier
- Proper documentation must be added to repositiory including meeting notes, fixing of README.md file, and notes for all functions (may use Prettier)
- Find a way to edit the cards
- Refactor CSS
- Wrapping up of code! ADdition of Unit Tests and E2E tests
- Creation of Video
